Inc migration from Framework to ASP.NET Core /1 (#27566)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/migration/inc/remote-app-setup.md

---
title: Remote app setup
description: Remote app setup
author: rick-anderson
ms.author: riande
monikerRange: '>= aspnetcore-6.0'
ms.date: 11/9/2022
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: aspnet-core
uid: migration/inc/remote-app-setup
---

# Remote app setup

In some incremental upgrade scenarios, it's useful for the new ASP.NET Core app to be able to communicate with the original ASP.NET app.

Specifically, this capability is used, currently, for [remote app authentication](xref:migration/inc/remote-authentication) and [remote session](xref:migration/inc/remote-session) features.

## Configuration

To enable the ASP.NET Core app to communicate with the ASP.NET app, it's necessary to make a couple small changes to each app.

### ASP.NET app configuration

> To setup the ASP.NET app to be able to receive requests from the ASP.NET Core app, call the `AddRemoteApp` extension method on the `ISystemWebAdapterBuilder` as shown here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the ASP.NET app to be able to receive requests from the ASP.NET Core app, call the `AddRemoteApp` extension method on the `ISystemWebAdapterBuilder` as shown here.
```

```CSharp
SystemWebAdapterConfiguration.AddSystemWebAdapters(this)
    .AddRemoteAppServer(options =>
    {
        // ApiKey is a string representing a GUID
        options.ApiKey = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["RemoteAppApiKey"];
    });
```

In the options configuration method passed to the `AddRemoteApp` call, you must specify an API key which is used to secure the endpoint so that only trusted callers can make requests to it (this same API key will be provided to the ASP.NET Core app when it is configured). The API key is a string and must be parsable as a GUID (128-bit hex number). Hyphens in the key are optional.

### ASP.NET Core app

> To setup the ASP.NET Core app to be able to send requests to the ASP.NET app, you need to make a similar change, calling `AddRemoteApp` after registering System.Web adapter services with `AddSystemWebAdapters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the ASP.NET Core app to be able to send requests to the ASP.NET app, you need to make a similar change, calling `AddRemoteApp` after registering System.Web adapter services with `AddSystemWebAdapters`.
```

```CSharp
builder.Services.AddSystemWebAdapters()
    .AddRemoteAppClient(options =>
    {
        options.RemoteAppUrl = new(builder.Configuration["ReverseProxy:Clusters:fallbackCluster:Destinations:fallbackApp:Address"]);
        options.ApiKey = builder.Configuration("RemoteAppApiKey");
    });
```

The `AddRemoteApp` call is used to configure the remote app's URL and the shared secret API key.

> With both the ASP.NET and ASP.NET Core app updated, extension methods can now be used to setup [remote app authentication](xref:migration/inc/remote-authentication) or [remote session](xref:migration/inc/remote-session), as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both the ASP.NET and ASP.NET Core app updated, extension methods can now be used to set up [remote app authentication](xref:migration/inc/remote-authentication) or [remote session](xref:migration/inc/remote-session), as needed.
```
